we talk about the duck yeah what the
[ __ ] did you put in that sauce there's
like some [ __ ] sci-fi sperm yeah
where's that where's the orange juice so
it's an orange squash yes I concentrate
yeah you know all the reports of the
people who do we love the source as a
restauranteur whatever you want to call
yourself your responsibility is
providing them with at least something
fresh and especially a [ __ ] leaven
quit have Iona about rise for time to
help well he's a stubborn [ __ ] this
but we desperately desperately need help
and I'm sorry I'm really getting those
two I don't want to get upset it's been
slated to deafen we worked so hard for
this business and it's just killing us
like noticing and I'm not denying that
you guys work [ __ ] hard I can see
that in your face yeah I can see that
from your daughter I'm gonna get some
fresh air